.\" Manpage for il2ds-installer.
.\" Contact oblovatniy@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "03 Jan 2014" "1.0" "il2ds-installer man page"
.SH NAME
il2ds-installer \- Install IL-2 FB Dedicated Server.
.SH SYNOPSIS
il2ds-installer [-a|--availables] [-d|--download download_dir] [-o|--output output_dir] [-v|--version target_version] [-h|--help]
.SH DESCRIPTION
il2ds-installer is a script which allows you to download and install a dedicated server of IL-2 Sturmovik. Server is installed by parts called patches which are packed as zip-archives and stored at Google Drive. You can specify the directory for storing downloaded archives, the directory for server installation and server's target version.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 15
-a, --availables
Print available target versions.
.TP
-d, --download
Set the directory where downloaded archives will be stored.
.TP
-o, --output
Set the directory where server will be installed.
.TP
-v, --version
Set the target version of server.
.TP
-h, --help
Print help
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
il2ds-installer -a
List all available versions to be installed.
.TP
il2ds-installer -d /tmp
Download archives to '/tmp' directory and install server to './il2ds'.
.TP
il2ds-installer -o /opt/games/il2/ds
Install server to '/opt/games/il2/ds' directory. Patches will be stored at './il2ds/patches/'.
.TP
il2ds-installer -v 409
Set 4.09 as target version.
.TP
il2ds-installer -d /tmp -o /opt/games/il2/ds -v 409
Set all previous up together.
.SH CAVEATS

.SH AUTHOR
Alexander Oblovatniy (oblovatniy@gmail.com)
.SH HOMEPAGE
https://github.com/IL2HorusTeam/il2ds-daemon
